MEDITATIONS
 Marcus Aurelius (Author
 
 Few ancient works have been as influential as the Meditations of Marcus Aurelius, philosopher and emperor of Rome (A.D. 161–180). A series of spiritual exercises filled with wisdom, practical guidance, and profound understanding of human behavior, it remains one of the greatest works of spiritual and ethical reflection ever written. Marcus’s insights and advice—on everything from living in the world to coping with adversity and interacting with others—have made the Meditations required reading for statesmen and philosophers alike, while generations of ordinary readers have responded to the straightforward intimacy of his style. For anyone who struggles to reconcile the demands of leadership with a concern for personal integrity and spiritual well-being, the Meditations remains as relevant now as it was two thousand years ago.
 
 price - 316 tk
 
 
 SAPIENS: A BRIEF HISTORY OF HUMANKIND
 Yuval Noah Harari (Author)
 
 Beginning with this provocative concept, Sapiens takes place to retell the background of our types from a totally fresh perspective. It discusses that money is the most pluralistic system of shared trust ever designed; that commercialism is the most successful faith ever created; that the treatment of pets in modern farming is possibly the most awful criminal offense in the background; and that although we are much more effective than our old ancestors, we aren't much happier. By integrating extensive understandings with an extremely brilliant language, Sapiens has already obtained practically cultic status among varied target markets, exciting young adults in addition to university professors, pet legal rights protestors together with government ministers. It is currently being equated right into near thirty languages.
 
 price - 948 tk
 
 
 WHY NATIONS FAIL: THE ORIGINS OF POWER, PROSPERITY AND POVERTY
 Daron Acemoglu , James A. Robinson (Author
 
 You might anticipate it to be a bleak, numbing read. It's not. It's bracing, garrulous, wildly ambitious, and also inevitably confident. It might, in fact, be a little bit of a work of art. Daron Acemoglu and James A. Robinson, 2 energized, extensively revered advancement scholars, begin with a bit of perspective: Even in today's depressed financial environment, the ordinary American is seven times as prosperous as the average Mexican, 10 times as flourishing as the ordinary Peruvian, about 20 times as thriving as the ordinary resident of sub-Saharan Africa as well as concerning 40 times as prosperous as the ordinary citizen of such specifically hopeless African countries as Mali, Ethiopia and also Sierra Leone. What explains such stupefying disparities? The writers' solution is straightforward: "organizations, establishments, establishments." They are impatient with standard social-science disagreements for the perseverance of poverty, which variously chalk it as much as poor geographical luck, hobbling cultural patterns, or ignorant leaders and technocrats. Rather
 
 price - 1106
 
 BORN A CRIME: STORIES FROM A SOUTH AFRICAN CHILDHOOD
 Trevor Noah (Author)
 
 In this award-winning Audible Studios production, Trevor Noah tells his wild coming-of-age tale during the twilight of apartheid in South Africa. It’s a story that begins with his mother throwing him from a moving van to save him from a potentially fatal dispute with gangsters, then follows the budding comedian’s path to self-discovery through episodes both poignant and comical. Noah’s virtuoso embodiment of all the characters from his childhood, and his ability to perform accents and dialects effortlessly in English, Xhosa, and Zulu, garnered the Audie Award for Best Male Narrator in 2018. Nevertheless, Noah’s devoted and uncompromising mother—as voiced by her son—steals the show
 
 price - 790
 
 MANS SEARCH FOR MEANING: THE CLASSIC TRIBUTE TO HOPE FROM THE HOLOCAUST
 Viktor E Frankl (Author)
 
 A prominent Viennese psychiatrist before the war, Viktor Frankl was uniquely able to observe the way that he and other inmates coped with the experience of being in Auschwitz. He noticed that it was the men who comforted others and who gave away their last piece of bread who survived the longest - and who offered proof that everything can be taken away from us except the ability to choose our attitude in any given set of circumstances.
 
 price - 474
 
 AN UGLY TRUTH: INSIDE FACEBOOK'S BATTLE FOR DOMINATION
 Sheera Frenkel (Author)
 
  It ends up that while the tech titan was connecting the world, they were also mishandling users' information, allowing the spread of fake news, and also the boosting of dangerous, polarising hate speech. Critics mounted the story as the intransigent problem between the system's soaring goal to breakthrough society by bringing individuals together while likewise profiting off of them. The firm, lots of claimed, had actually simply lost its method. Yet the fact is even more complicated. Making use of their unrivaled resources, Frenkel and Kang take readers inside the complex court politics, partnerships, and also competitions within the firm, its expanding political influence along with its skirmishes with privacy groups and the FTC, to radiate light on the fatal cracks in the design of the tech leviathan
  
 price - 1264
 
 WAR & PEACE
 Leo Tolstoy (Author)
 
 Often called the greatest novel ever written, War and Peace is at once an epic of the Napoleonic wars, a philosophical study, and a celebration of the Russian spirit. Tolstoy's genius is clearly seen in the multitude of characters in this massive chronicle, all of them fully realized and equally memorable. Out of this complex narrative emerges a profound examination of the individual's place in the historical process, one that makes it clear why Thomas Mann praised Tolstoy for his Homeric powers and placed War and Peace in the same category as The Iliad.
 
 price - 790
 
 1984
 George Orwell (Author)
 
 “The Party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most essential command.”

Winston Smith toes the Party line, rewriting history to satisfy the demands of the Ministry of Truth. With each lie he writes, Winston grows to hate the Party that seeks power for its own sake and persecutes those who dare to commit thoughtcrimes. But as he starts to think for himself, Winston can’t escape the fact that Big Brother is always watching...

price - 237
 
 
